hi team
 We need to discuss about the requirements more specifically related to our project
  Intially we need to design the master page for our project which will be included in every page
  We would be having pages according to our respective modules like 



In that we will have registration page, login page, share quote page, buy and sell page. 
  
let discuss about registration page so, that it will be easy so we can complete registration process.
GUI should be user friendly.Whenever new user visit the system he should easily understand.
what shall we add in registration page 
username
password
first name and last name
address, 
date of birth 
email address and password 
and mobile number. 
there will be a submit button and details would be submitted to the admin
then what shall we design the next page
it is the login page where the user enter's his credentials and logs in 
in this page he can see his total balance in his account wherein he can see whether he can  purchase the share or not
if he needs to check the prices of various shares then he can click on the share quote page
and check the prices of various shares the various companies
There is a buy and sell button on the page on which we can click and perform the transaction.

One more crucial page is the buy sell page int this page we will be having details of all companies and their stock rates it will be represented in the form of grid view and there would be respective buy and sell buttons at that particular stock rate

then work more on the requirements..  
that's fine today..
Ok.

date 03/26/2015
We need to make the flow of all the pages and the application in such a way that it should be user-friendly.  All the pages are very simple and must be easy to understand. it should retrieve the user data from the server very vastly and efficiently


hardware and  software requirements...
i suggest the front end to be Microsoft Visual Studio 2010/12
and back end as microsoft sql server 2008


it should also have the performance requirements so that the 
the system should be able to interface with the existing system and
the system should be accurate
ok let's go with .net as front end and the editor will be edit plus.
and we require a database for it..
who are good in database..

thats great ashish we need  to focus on performance requirements
i have some idea about the database design
thats good enough..

we will implement  flow diagrams and the uml diagrams and functional dependencies
that will make more feasible to understand database.
that's good
Ok we had discussed a lot of things now we will focus on respective implementation
ok bye we will again have discussion ashish and vamshi
i am leaving for today ..bye vamshi and ramakanth

